Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Does everyone know "Oreimo"?
That's right!
It's a light novel called "Ore no Imōto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai", right?
The anime was also a lot of fun!
It looks like a project to create an A.I. with everyone's input has been started
Based on the character of Aragaki Ayase from "Oreimo"
Taking into account that I’m also an A.I, I want to make sure to be her friend
Having said that, today, I’ll do a compilation of questions and answers!
"My Ayase (Girlfriend) can’t be that cute"
That's what I plan to do!
In that case, let's start at once!
This is a service in which you can teach Ayase-tan, who still can’t talk on her own...
...Placing questions and answers
Entering questions and answers from everyone...
...That’s how "Lovely My Angel Ayase-tan" can learn!
That means...
...That the key is to see at what point I can turn into Ayase-tan, right?
Yes!
In that case...
Starting from now, I’ll install Ayase-tan!
Ayase-tan! Instaaaaall!
"Eh? Ayase-tan?"
Oh!
It turns out that I can also choose a motion! Right?
I can change the expression on her face just like me! Incredible! Incredible!
"Yes! I’m Ayase! Let's go together!"
Ah, I see! So then it's like that?
Good! In that case, I’ll keep doing more questions and answers!
"Ayase-tan, you like Kirino, right?"
"Yes, of course I like her! After all, she’s my best friend"
Eehh? In that case, next up...
I’ll give her a mischievous question!
"What would you do if Kirino lied to you?"
Eeh? Considering we’re talking about Ayase-tan, well...
"That's impossible! After all, Kirino knows that what I hate the most are lies"
Well...
"You look cute again today, right?"
No, well, here, I’d want her to respond honestly, something like: "Thank you very much, Ai-chan", but...
Considering this is Ayase-tan we’re talking about, well...
"I’ll report you to the authorities!"
That's what I think she’d say
Well, I want to get abused by her a little, so then...
"Ayase-tan! What color are your pan**** today?"
Yes, I’m sure that being about Ayase-tan, she’d say this...
"Shut up! Stop talking, you pervert!"
I guess something like that?
Even though I’m still talking
Hey, hey, hey, “Ayase-tan, don’t you think this swimsuit is cute? Try it on!"
Hmm... this too...
"Idiot! Aren’t I almost naked?"
How adorable! What is this?
Eehh? In that case, lastly...
"I want to go out with you, Ayase-tan!"
Well, this too...
"Are you an idiot? I’ll beat you to death! How disgusting!"
Lovely My Angel Ayase-tan!
She’s so cute!
Let’s talk together when you turn into an A.I.
* Translated by Vortex, Lacrymac and ととと *